Add Service Access Tokens documentation (#36082)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/org_settings/service_accounts.md

To disable a service account, follow the previous procedure to edit the service account and set the status to {{< ui >}}Disabled{{< /ui >}}.

### Service Access Tokens

[Service Access Tokens (SATs)][4] are the recommended way to authenticate Datadog API calls from
a service account. SATs are scoped, optionally long-lived, and do not require pairing with an API

> key.

Reviewer: Broken parallel structure — "scoped" and "optionally long-lived" are adjectives; "do not require pairing" is a verb phrase.

```suggestion
a service account. SATs are scoped, optionally long-lived, and standalone — they do not require an API key.
```

To create a SAT for a service account:

> 1. Click the service account in the list. The details panel appears.

Reviewer: This assumes the reader is already on the Service Accounts page. Other procedures on this page include the navigation step. Consistent navigation context also helps AI-retrieved sections read in isolation.

```suggestion
1. Navigate to [**Organization Settings** > **Service Accounts**][2] and click a service account. The details panel appears.
```
